# ASF_Simulation: Branch for Semester Project of Justin Zarb


**New_SimulationEnvironment**
_j_paths.py_: dictionary of paths to the different folders in the pp
_j_buil_d_dictionaries.py:

- _ArchT_build_df(BuildingData)_: Reads the excel spreadsheet 'Archetypes_properties containing CEA building data and converts it into a dataframe with all the parameters
- _MakeDicts(b_props)_: uses the dataframe generated by the previous function to generate the building properties (BP_dict) and system options (SO_dict) 

_j_schedulemaker.py_: This is taken directly from the CEA toolbox (credits in the header) and not modified. It contains definitions which read the CEA schedule data in Archetypes_schedules.xlsx into actual timeseries.

_j_build_schedules.py_: Creates occupancy and electrical equipment schedules for each building archetype in a separate csv file schedule_occ_*.csv and schedules_el_*.csv. These are saved in New_SimulationEnvironment\5R1C_ISO_simulator\data

_j_epw_import_tools.py_: Not important for ASF simulations, but this contains some functions which extract variables from .epw files as a series.

_j_test_archetypes.py_: Loops through the BuildingData and SimulationOptions dictionaries, running the ASF for each case. The program needs to be run again every time the weather file or orientation is changed. See the latest ASF documentation for what pre-processing is required to change these properties.

_j_test_archetypes_noASF.py:_ Same as j_test_archetypes.py but the ASF is defined as having no panels. 

_j_test_default.py:_ This was just a test script using the 'default' office properties from previous ASF simulations.

_j_main_notebook.ipynb:_ [1..5] contain functions which were later saved to .py files and are described above. [6..11] contain some functions to extract and plot weather data from .epw files, while [12] onwards consist in plotly code to plot graphs for the comparison between 1r1c, 3r1c, and 5r1c.

**New_SimulationEnvironment/CEA_Archetypes_CH**
_Review and Use case of Resistor Capacitor Models.ipynb_: plotly script which produces graphs for ASF vs. no asf, 90 and 45 degree fixed solar shading; for all the archetypes in a south and west facing office in Zurich and Cairo. Graphs as shown in the presentation and report required a little post-processing in the plotly web app.